docs: fix manifest's http health check documentation for rds and lbs (#2522)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/rd-web-service.en.md

<div class="separator"></div>

<a id="http" href="#http" class="field">`http`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  

> The http section contains parameters relating to http configurations.

Reviewer: nit: to provide different wording
```suggestion
The http section contains parameters related to the managed load balancer.
```
